"I talked a little bit about, again, the meaning of the empowerment. Many of you already know that.
But, again, empowerment is one of the very special techniques of the Vedayana Buddhism."
And the Vedayana Buddhism, as said, the Vedayana teaching has so many methods, so many skills, that
instantly connecting and upholding the result of the enlightenment or result that what we are
looking for, instantly we are connected to that nature.
Therefore, Vedayana teaching is known as, as he said before, as you all know, the result yarns.
Because we are not waiting for a long time, graduation, instantly we are connecting and jumping, in
a way, to the result.
And the result is what? Enlightenment. When you reach the enlightenment, what is? Then everything
is enlightenment status.
That means in Vedayana terminology, use three Vedya status. These three Vedya status, poem, song,
and space, all are enlightenment status.
And this empowerment, connecting, ushering, and introducing this, the poem, song, space, are
enlightened.
That means out of form, out of song, out of spaces, as well as our own form, our own song, our own
mind is enlightened status.
That introducing, instantly by the blessings of the Buddha and lineage, our meditation, and our
power of the reciting the mantra, and through the ritual implementer or the objects, we are
instantly within that status.
Instantly. And that is known as then, the empowerment. And to discover in one way, discovering our
basic nature of our in, or discovering our great mysteries of the nature of the in.
And that is known as the empowerment, in one way. And the involvement terminologies, then, I think,
whenever you heard, you heard.
Is Abhi Shekha or Abhi Kenza? Kenza. Abhi, again, is Sanskrit word. In the debate, it's called Toru
Lok, one. And Toru, and Lok, and if we translate like this, pouring and dispelling.
Pouring, I think, right? Pouring and dispelling. Dispelling. What is pouring? Pouring the lineage
blessings, the blessings of the Buddha.
Life lineage blessings. Living lineage blessings. That is poured, and that is transmitted by our
meditation, by our lineage blessings. It's poured.
And with that poured, what is dispelling? Dispel the duality, the habit patterns, those unnecessary
things that are all dispelled.
Very dispelled in a great emptiness, great wisdom status is dispelled. And that is known as the Tor
u and the Lok. Then they say there's a word also, Abhi.
Abhi has meaning, also actualizing. Abhi means direct perceptions, direct status. So this, again,
that is the same thing as we have been talking.
This realization is not just we're waiting for to come, but this discovery is instant. This
discovery is right now. We're going to behold. We're going to experience this.
Therefore, it is Abhi. Abhi right now. We're going to discover and we're going to experience of the
form, sound, space in three various states.
Whether a poem, whether a song, and whether a space right now. And that is not what it means, the
Abhi. Abhi and the direct perception status.
And that is really meaning of the Abhi Shekha or Abhi Kansa. Kansa, and this is what the
empowerment is.
And then again, of course, empowerment itself, which we do this empowerment, and then again need
the other good things, ourself, to kind of prepare ourself.
And first of all, the preparation is our joy and devotion. This joy and devotion is not just only
during the practice or the empowerment, but always really we need this joy and devotion.
Always, it's very important. When we have more joy and devotion, then it makes our spiritual so
beautiful, so special.
With all the joy and appreciation or the devotion, then our practice can almost become very, very
weak.
Not just only that, then practice can almost become, what's it called? Expired. Expired, the kind
of dead stems.
What's called? We see stems on the other foots. Sometimes expression dead is this and this, this.
And we like to keep up this fresh. Then joy and devotion is really that, that will keep the fresh.
Fresh, and not just keep the fresh of the practice, but just keep the fresh of our courage,
confidence, ourself, more meaningful.
Life becomes very meaningful. And we have the joy and the appreciation, devotion. Life is not just
boring, boring, and also not just we are dragging down here.
Then life becomes very joyful, meaningful, rewarding, as mentioned before. It's very, very special.
It's not just we feel, we are fulfilling something beautiful. It's not just a feeling that, but
truly we have that.
We're making beautiful impression to ourself, our life, and meaning, and a hit. We're making
beautiful impressions.
Every step becomes quite good. We can look back, we did good. Life is beautiful. Good.
We can look ourself now, we're doing good. We are happy. We're nice. We look ahead, it will be the
same.
It will be continued. And therefore, joy and devotion and appreciation are not just only during the
practices, but always it's really important.
Then practice time is so important. The practice makes so special, so meaningful. It creates a
situation, a circumstance.
It's so perfect to practice. I mean, we have that. It's just like planting the seed in the garden.
Garden, soil is good, and then there is like beautiful, perfect moisture, beautiful sunshine,
perfect temperature, and then just a brand of growth without any doubt.
Similarly, this joy and devotion and appreciation, I'm saying, this is really so special. They are
like sun. They are the one preparation. They are the perfect soil.
We have that, then we can move forward. Our spiritual result is right here.
So therefore, then those, of course, practice time, empowerment time is very, very important.
Then, when we receive empowerment or when we receive empowerment, where we are practicing, where we
are visualizing, like things, what things we have to also try to not think.
Intellectual ideas. Intellectual ideas, of course, when we are studying, are so important.
When we are studying, learning those times, encouraging, asking, questioning, those are all
important.
That's why the Buddha Shakyamuni said in the teaching, "You must exam yourself."
You are studying, and that's what the Buddhism always called three wisdoms, wisdom of studying,
wisdom of contemplations.
Contemplation is inquiry, discussing, thinking, analyzing, answering, and discussing, and those are
all what are so important.
But when it comes to the practice, such as meditation, or the practice of the visualization, and
such as also empowerment, then we should not question it.
That time, question, discussing, encouraging things, all put in sight.
You must stay in the course, course of that, and stay with joy, devotion, meditate, as in the
teaching set, or as in the empowerment and stalking set.
Be in that status, with confidence, courageous.
And this is also in anybody in the teaching, and I see it that many of you know.
When we have that confidence, it's called fearlessness, fearlessness status.
If we start questioning during the practice, during our meditation, we are invited to ego cling,
and we are shaking our meditation.
We are really undermining that, and therefore, we should put all those in sight, put completely
sight, and be in that state.
Then, definitely, we receive empowerment, we practice in that, also practice time.
So, those are very important, and so that means joy, devotion, and as well as our, in a way,
confidence, being in that state.
Unshakable meditation, and stable status.
And that is the practice, and then there is the empowerment.